NIFI-11385 Expose JMX metrics from NiFi JVM (#7124)
apache/nifi: nifi-docs/src/main/asciidoc/administration-guide.adoc

```

In the case of a lengthy diagnostic, NiFi may terminate before the command execution ends. In this case, the `graceful.shutdown.seconds` property should be set to a higher value in the `bootstrap.conf` configuration file.

[[jmx_bean_metrics]]
== JMX Bean metrics

> It is possible to get JMX metrics data calling  `<your_nifi_url>/nifi-api/jmx-metrics` with 'Flow' 'Read' and 'SystemDiagnostics' 'Read' permissions.

Reviewer: Recommend adjusting the wording:
```suggestion
It is possible to get JMX metrics using the REST API using the `/nifi-api/jmx-metrics` path with read permissions on flow and system diagnostics resources.
```

The information available depends on the registered MBeans and usually related to performance indicators such as request/response rate, latency, request size, request counts or tool specific ones like commit rate or sync/join time for Kafka.

> Listing of certain MBeans can be prohibited by a list of regex expressions, separated by a `;` and can be configured by a NiFi application property. Leaving the property empty means all the MBeans may appear in the result list. Default value is to display all MBeans.

Reviewer: Instead of supporting multiple expressions, it should be sufficient to define one regular expression.

 nifi.jmx.metrics.blocked.filter.pattern=prohibited.bean1|prohibited.bean2

> An optionally provided query parameter using a regex expression, will display only MBeans with matching names. Leaving this parameter empty means listing all MBeans except the ones filtered out by the security filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optionally provided query parameter using a regular expression pattern, will display only MBeans with matching names. Leaving this parameter empty means listing all MBeans except those filtered out by the blocked filter pattern.
```

>  https://nifihost.com:8443/nifi-api/jmx-metrics?beanNameFilter=bean.name.1|bean.name.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 https://localhost:8443/nifi-api/jmx-metrics?beanNameFilter=bean.name.1|bean.name.2
```
